update blog (#335)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2023-08-26-terraform-azure-cilium-pt-2/index.md

---
date: '2023-08-26T11:36:00.000Z'
title: 'Cilium: Installing Azure CNI powered by Cilium using Terraform (Part 2)'
ogImage: ogimage.webp

> ogSummary: 'In the part 2 of this series, Dive into how to provision an AKS cluster (powered by Cilium) by assigning IP addresses from a Virtual Network using Terraform'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Part two of this series looks into how to provision an AKS cluster (powered by Cilium) by assigning IP addresses from a Virtual Network using Terraform'
```
